updated hints.md for fruit picker exercise (#1973)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/fruit-picker/.docs/hints.md

- Callback functions are functions passed as an argument to a calling function.
- Callback functions must meet the specification of the calling function.

> ## 1. Try to notify with a successful message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Notify with a successful message
```

- Use the imported API function `notify` in your function.

> - Pass an object to `notify`. It should expect to receive an object with a property of `message`. Think about what the message property should be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pass an object to `notify`. It should have a property of `message`. Think about what the message value should be.
```

> - Return the result from the `notify` API function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pay attention to the JSDoc type hint -- the function should not return a value.
```

The exemplar `onSuccess` and `onError` does not return a value from notify as they are marked as void returning functions

> ## 2. Try to notify with an error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Notify with an error message
```

- Use the imported API function `notify` in your function.

> - Pass another object to `notify`. It should expect to receive an object with a property of `message` like the previous task but with a different value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pass another object to `notify`. It should have a property of `message`. The message value should differ from the last part.
```

> - Return the result from the `notify` API function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pay attention to the JSDoc type hint -- the function should not return a value.
```

See above

Author: My two cents on this is that maybe the wording of this can be changed to 'Pay attention to the comments above the function definition'. I (in my noobishness) think that 'JSDoc type' is kinda confusing. Otherwise, I would like to thank you for all of your comments I agree with everything.

Reviewer: Yea, happy to iterate on it for sure! Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- Pay attention to the comments [JSDoc] above the function definition:
  -  The function should not return a value.
```

> ## 3. Create a callback to buy fruit if the inventory is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Place an order to buy fruit
```

- Use the already imported `order` function.

> - Since we are working on a wrapper think about whether we really need to return anything this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pay attention to the JSDoc type hints -- the function should receive 3 arguments and not return a value.
```

> - Cover both the chance of a successful outcome and a failed one by including the two callback functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reuse the previously created callbacks as arguments to the order function.
```

> ## 4. Refactor your awesome work so far into a more concise function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Refactor your work into a more concise function
```

> - Reuse the function from the previous task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reuse the functions from the previous tasks.
```

> - Try to think of a way to package variety and quantity together when they are passed to `orderFromGrocer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pay attention to the JSDoc type hints -- the function should receive 2 arguments and not return a value.
- Combine the arguments into an object representing the query to the grocer to place an order.
```
